c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.exe.config
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.Form1.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
